Hi, guys.
Walk on in this lecture.
We are going to have budgets to our products not to do this.
Head up to your browser and then pop dot dev and over here we are going to search for badges.
Badges.
Okay.
And.
So a little bit delay.
Okay.
And now we have to click on this first link of that is the badges.
And the next step is to copy this code and head back to your voice code and the post back that your
modify and you have to paste this over here and use controller and you saved and you can see currently
I already had this in mind.
Okay, now back to what we simply want to do is we want to have badges on top of each of our products.
To do this, we have to go to the design for each product.
And I think we have that file in the widgets, dietary the widgets.
Widgets, widgets and then products on the score model.
And what we can do first is to use control and B to make this wide.
Okay.
Now, over here, we are basically having a pardon in order to give spaces in all the hedges that is
top left right and bottom right.
Okay.
And within the pattern, we have this child, which is a container, and the container has the column.
And basically, this is for this container is basically to display the the product's image and as well
the products, the product's name.
Right.
So what we can then do, we can place the batch on top of this product that is over here.
And that's a place widget on top widget.
We are going to be using the widget known as Stack.
Basically, everything floater is referred to as a widget, right?
Like I said, in order to place widgets on 12 widgets, we are going to be using what is stock widgets.
Okay.
Sylvia we can alight.
This container is contained dots.
And since we do not have that stack property where the stack is very similar to that of the column,
so we can wrap this first with a column.
It's a column and we can then rename this to Stack.
Okay.
Great.
And now.
After this container removal, we can just see this container as the container that displays our products
image and the price and order sense of it.
Right.
And we want to place this on top of this.
So right after the container, you have to have your training.
If you do not have it there.
And what you have to do now is to head back to your browser and scroll down and you can see why we have
this badge copied from this path.
So this path is contained C to copy and we are going to paste this right after.
The container and we have to import.
Now I use control and ask to save.
And you're going to see a badge on top of this now.
All right.
Okay.
Sims, cool.
Right.
Okay.
And now in order to tell.
The badge, how we want to place it, how we want to place it.
We are going to be using a widget known as position.
So over here, a light in this contract puts widgets.
And we are going to wrap this with.
Call the session and now the position has a property known as left.
And for the left we can say we want it to go ten from the left and also we want it to go.
Ten from the top.
Okay, great.
So what we are basically doing is we are telling the badge how it's going to display itself.
It's going to try to save now and go use go check it out.
Okay.
You can see some school and.
You can see where we have we have this patch content, which is basically referring to the tests which
you have seen here.
Right.
So what we can then do is we can change this test to say new driver or us use control and hence now
to save.
And let's check it out.
Okay.
New arrivals and what we can also do.
The barge has a property known as to animate.
So what we can do?
We can say, yes, we want animation to do that.
Or we just have to say is to set it to true.
Use control and save and.
Go to this and come back to this.
You can see that animation over there.
Okay.
And you can see as well, the badge has a property known as badge color.
And currently it sets the colors, the deep blue.
So what we can do is we can see colors that sign.
Or whatsoever color you want.
Okay.
Sims Very cool.
And click on this.
Okay.
Sounds good.
And if you can screw this away, you could also just get rid of that single child single child curfew.
Okay.
Walking as a spectator.
Right.
And let's go check the store.
So.
Go back.
Sorry, sir.
Okay.
Everything is working out as expected.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.